Update examples link in README (#112)
spiffe/go-spiffe: README.md

## Importing it in your Go code

> See the [examples](./examples) or visit the [GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [examples](./examples) or visit the [GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe) for more information.
```

Author: Good call. I'm going to fold this into #117. After that one is merged we can tag the new release for v1.0.0 or something. Otherwise pkg.go.dev picks up the wrong commit (because we have no v1 tag)
